README.md, before:

README.md Document 

# Introdution

This website was constructed as the e-commerce hub and digital marketing platform for a start-up business - plantsupports.ie. The pandemic
has created a new generation of horticulture and gardening enthusiasts, and indeed rekindled a few old flames, who have found that growing 
is good for the soul, promotes emotional and mental wellbeing, reduces stress, boosts mood and  provides a sense of fulfilment. Plant  
supports are a contemporary and effective method of gardening which have a number of key benefits that make them popular with gardeners of 
all levels of expereience.

Benefits include: 

•	As the name suggests, providing support and structure, which can help prevent plants from breaking or falling over due to windy conditions 
    or heavy, overloaded branches. Broken or damaged stems are pathways for pests and disease. 

•	Correct support also helps keep fruits off the ground, where they can become damaged, rot or fall victim to insects.  

•	Upright plants are easier to maintain and don’t have issues with soil splash from watering or heavy rains, where soil-borne fungus can take 
    hold. Harvesting is also made easier too.  

•	Finally, plants having adequate support throughout the growing season are stronger and healthier overall since they’re not blowing all over 
    the place, which weakens them over time. 

In Ireland, many garden centres and retailers are closed, and the future is incredibly uncertain. Most retailers and suppliers have made efforts 
to increase their online presence and promote e-commerce. With this project, we set out to establish an online presence for our start-up business, 
address the relatively slow uptake of e-commerce solutions by retailers in the horticultural sector in Ireland, provide optimal user experience 
and produce a real-life demonstration of my development expertise for my user centric frontend development milestone project. It’s designed to 
be responsibe and accessible on a range of devices, making it easy to navigate for potential customers.

Commit message:

Add the business goals to the UX section of the README.md file

README.md, after:

# README.md Document 

### Introdution

This website was constructed as the e-commerce hub and digital marketing platform for a start-up business - plantsupports.ie. The pandemic
has created a new generation of horticulture and gardening enthusiasts, and indeed rekindled a few old flames, who have found that growing 
is good for the soul, promotes emotional and mental wellbeing, reduces stress, boosts mood and  provides a sense of fulfilment. Plant  
supports are a contemporary and effective method of gardening which have a number of key benefits that make them popular with gardeners of 
all levels of expereience.

Benefits include: 

-	As the name suggests, providing support and structure, which can help prevent plants from breaking or falling over due to windy conditions 
    or heavy, overloaded branches. Broken or damaged stems are pathways for pests and disease. 

-	Correct support also helps keep fruits off the ground, where they can become damaged, rot or fall victim to insects.  

-	Upright plants are easier to maintain and don’t have issues with soil splash from watering or heavy rains, where soil-borne fungus can take 
    hold. Harvesting is also made easier too.  

-	Finally, plants having adequate support throughout the growing season are stronger and healthier overall since they’re not blowing all over 
    the place, which weakens them over time. 

In Ireland, many garden centres and retailers are closed, and the future is incredibly uncertain. Most retailers and suppliers have made efforts 
to increase their online presence and promote e-commerce. With this project, we set out to establish an online presence for our start-up business, 
address the relatively slow uptake of e-commerce solutions by retailers in the horticultural sector in Ireland, provide optimal user experience 
and produce a real-life demonstration of my development expertise for my user centric frontend development milestone project. It’s designed to 
be responsibe and accessible on a range of devices, making it easy to navigate for potential customers. 



## UX 

### The business goals of this website are: 

- The principal purpose of this site is to sell and market a product. The product in my MS1 project are different varities and dimensions of 
  metallic plant supports, with a broad target market ranging from avid, experienced gardeners to novice and those with only a transient interest. 
- Provide a good user experience. 
- Provide clear logic and benefits of utilising the product with engaging and captivating imagery and video examples. 
- Promote and present the different product models and their features/specifications.
- Build brand awareness.
- Promote sales, business development and engagement with prospective customers through the use of a contact form.
